#summary One-sentence summary of this page.


=Configure cssa iface registration in local machine= 
 = download and install java version 6=
    Use following link 
    * http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javasebusiness/downloads/java-archive-downloads-javase6-419409.html
   select version Java SE Development Kit 6u45 download and install
Once you have the JDK installed 
Set the JAVA_HOME System Variable

  * Right-click the My Computer icon onyour desktop and select Properties.
  * Click the Advanced tab. 
  * Click the Environment Variables button. 
  * Under System Variables, click New.
  * Enter the *Variable name* as JAVA_HOME.
  * Enter the *Variable value* as java installed location path Eg:_ C:\Program      Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_45_
  * Click ok
  * Click ok 
  * Click ok 

==Install and configure Apache Maven==
 Download Apache Maven 3.1.1 (Binary zip) from this link *
http://mirror.metrocast.net/apache/maven/maven-3/3.1.1/binaries/apache-maven-3.1.1-bin.zip *

  Copy the zip file into any location and unzip it (Create a folder in D:\maven and move apache-maven-3.1.1-bin.zip into that folder and unzip it)

* Set M2_HOME and M2 User Variable

  * Right-click the My Computer icon onyour desktop and select Properties.
  * Click the Advanced tab. 
  * Click the Environment Variables button. 
  * Under user Variables, click New.
  * Enter the *Variable name* as M2_HOME.
  * Enter the *Variable value* as apache-maven-3.1.1-bin location path Eg:_ D:\maven\apache-maven-3.1.1_
  * Click ok 
  * Enter the *Variable name* as M2.
  * Enter the *Variable value* as apache-maven-3.1.1-bin\bin location path Eg:_ D:\maven\apache-maven-3.1.1\bin_
  * Click ok 
  * Click ok 
  * Click ok 

==Install Eclipse==
  Download eclipse from this link select appropriate edition 32 bit or 64 bit *
http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages/eclipse-ide-java-ee-developers/junosr2 *
 Copy the zip file into any location and unzip it (Create a folder in D:\eclipse_ide and move eclipse-jee-juno-SR2-win.zip into that folder and unzip it you will get an eclipse folder)
  * Open eclipse folder and double click eclipse.exe file 
  * Set the workspace in to D:\administration
  * Click Ok 
  * You'll then see the welcome screen

==Configure Eclipse==
*Update the Installed JDK
 * * Start Eclipse and do the following 
 * Choose Windows > Preferences from the Eclipse menu bar.
 * The system displays the preferences dialog.
 * Filter for or navigate to the Installed JREs page (For navigation     expanding java then click Installed JRE)
 * Select JRE in that list and remove it 
 * Click the Add button.
 * The Add JRE wizard displays.
 * Make sure Standard VM is selected and press Next.
 * Press Directory.
 * The Browse For Folder dialog appears.
 * Navigate to your JDK installation. (probably in C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_45)
 * Press OK.

*Install the Maven Eclipse Plugin
 * *Start Eclipse and do the following:
 * Choose Help > Install New Software.
 * The Available Software dialog appears. 
 * Click the Add button.
 * The Add Repository dialog appears. 
 * Enter Sonatype M2Eclipse in the Name field.
 * Enter http://download.eclipse.org/technology/m2e/releases in the Location field.
 * Press OK to close the dialog.
 * Check the box and press Next.
 * Select Maven Integration for Eclipse.
 * Press Next and Next again.
 * Accept the terms of the license agreement and press Finish.
 * Eclipse calculates the dependencies and space. 
 * Press Next.
 * Accept the License agreement and press Next.
   The installation procedure runs.
 * Restart Eclipse when prompted.

= =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages